Geoff: Hey, what's up, everybody? It is
Geoff, and Gavin, and Michael,
and Ray, and Jack.
[Woo!]
Uh, and we are doing
a Things to Do, uh
kinda Let's Play style.
This is called Kerplunk.
This is something that somebody and I made –
Michael: Gavin
Geoff: – a long, long – Gavin  and I made
Michael: There you go.
Geoff: – a long, long time ago.
Ray: I made the stairs.
Geoff: I was– he did– I was
trying to make–
Gavin: I'll take, uh, I had nothing nothing to do with this, but sure I'll take [trails off].
[Jack laughs.]
Geoff: What we're doing is, ah
I– ins– I, while trying to
make Jenga, I accidentally made Kerplunk.
Do you guys know what Kerplunk is?
Jack: Yes.
Geoff: It's that Russian game, right.
Michael: No. Geoff, what is it?
Geoff: With the, where you pull the
[Geoff giggles]
Jack: It's a Russian game?
Geoff: Yeah, I think so.
Geoff: You pull the sticks out, and then all
the marbles fall.
Ray: Ah, yeah, Tetris.
Jack: Yeah.
Geoff: So, we've, yeah, Tetris.
Gavin: Kerplunk?
Geoff: So, we've [laugh] we've made that here.
Everybody come inside
the playing field.
Okay, so as you can see the floor is soul sand.
Jack: It's so slo-ow.
Geoff: And the top is dirt blocks, right?
Jack: Run!
Geoff: So what we're gonna do is– on everybody's turn
we'll go clockwise, starting with Ray. Uh,
everybody gets one turn and they have to
stand directly under a block and hit it.
And what's either gonna happen is
sand is gonna fall on you,
gravel is gonna fall on you,
uh, or there will be a gold block
of the Tower of Pimps, so
Ray: I'm guessing sand and gravel are bad.
Michael: Is it good or bad?
Geoff: Right, it's– it's, if well,
if the, uh
if you find the Tower of Pimps, nothing falls, so
Michael: Oh.
Geoff: When the shit falls on you, you'll
you'll take a little bit of damage
And we go in turn, until the
last person is left alive, and that person wins.
There are, uh, I think
there's one Tower of Pimps
and there are two, uh
rows of sand.
If the sand falls on you, you're out automatically.
Gavin is filming it, he is invisible.
Gavin: Yup.
Geoff: Those are our new Minecraft tools
from the update.
Gavin: You can't see me.
Geoff: Now we're finally doing this, we made this
we must have made this one two months ago.
Gavin: This was actually featured in a Let's Play
that happened a long time ago.
Geoff: Yeah.
Jack: Yeah, I remember seeing the thing.
Gavin: We ran
past it.
Jack: Yeah.
Geoff: Alright, so, Ray goes first.
Ray, pick a block,
stand directly under it.
Michael: And go to hell.
Ray: Uhh...
Geoff: A-and, stand there, take it,
Ray: This one
Geoff: take it,
take the fuckin' gubbins.
Ray: Ugh!
[groans]
Geoff: Yeah, you got gravel. How much
health did you take?
Ray: Half a heart.
Geoff: Half a heart, okay,
Gavin: Ohh, Ray.
Geoff: Now it's Michael's turn.
Gavin: Ray's on his deathbed already.
[Geoff laughs]
Ray: Do I, uh
Can I move around? Do I
have to stand right next to the...
Geoff: Yeah, you can move.
Ray: Okay.
Geoff: 'Kay, I'm gonna go with this one.
And, by the way, I did this so long ago,
Ray: Yeah, Geoff made this, like, months ago.
Geoff: No memory.
Ray: I'm surprised you
remember what this thing is called.
[snicker]
Geoff: Oh, I got dirt!
I forgot: there's dirt sometimes too.
[laughter]
Ray: Wow.
Michael: Oh, yeah, he didn't
remember at all.
Jack: Alright.
Geoff: Alright.
[Gavin laughs]
Ray: So, do you like, get a 1-up–
[groans]
Jack: What did I get–!
Geoff: Jack got hit with some
gravel.
Gavin: How much health d'you lose, Jack?
Jack: Uh, I'm slowly dying.
Michael: Ooo–
Gavin: Ah!
Michael: –ohhhhh!
[Gavin laughs]
Ray: Jack is...
Michael: Jack took heavy damage.
Gavin: Jack forgot to get out.
Jack: I didn't know we were supposed to get out.
Geoff: You– no, you just have to let it bounce you off.
Ray: Uhh...
Jack: [mumbles incoherently] Well, ok.
Geoff: Alright.
Jack: I guess I would've died.
Ray: This one!
[Ray makes sounds of pain]
[Gavin laughs again]
Geoff: Alright.
Michael: Ow!
[Michael ???]
Michael: Oh, dirt.
Geoff: Oh!
Michael got dirt.
Michael: Yes.
Geoff: Alright.
Geoff: Geoff's turn.
Ray: So, uh, whoever
finds the Tower of Pimps, whoever dies
right? Or whoever wins, right?
Geoff: Oh, I got dirt again!
Geoff: Nice.
Michael: Whoever is left.
Ray: Yeah.
Jack: Hacks.
Geoff: This is going way too, uh, well for me.
Jack: Ah!
Ray: Yeah, it's like
made it or something.
[Gavin snickers]
Geoff: Jack.
Ray: I'm gonna go for the corner here.
Gavin: Haha, what an idiot!
Ray: –going for the corner...
Thanks, Gavin.
Gavin: As if it would be in a corner.
Geoff: Michael's turn.
Michael: Ugh!
Geoff: Uh!
[Michael makes sounds of agony]
Ray: Uh-oh.
I'll take that out.
Geoff: 'Kay, I'm gonna go.
Jack: I've got, like, half my health.
Michael: No, Geoff, don't!
Ray: Okay, here comes dirt again.
Jack: Do it.
Geoff: Oh, I got dirt!
Michael: Geoff!
[everyone laughs]
Michael: You fucking fuck!
Jack: You hacking bastard.
Michael: Goddamnit.
Geoff: Seriously,
seriously luck of the try, guys.
Jack: Hey, I got dirt!
Geoff: Hey, Jack got dirt!
Jack: Yaaayy!
Geoff: Ray's turn.
Ray: Right... over...
Gavin: I love that it's getting really cramped–
Ray: ...here.
Gavin: –in here.
[Ray makes more noises of pain]
Geoff: Yeah, it's supposed to.
It's gonna get harder to move around.
Jack: Can you throw
some more torches or something?
Gavin: Uh, sure Jack.
Ray: Gavin can you see the top? Like, is it–
Jack: Oh my god!
Ray: –exposed?
Jack: Ah!
Geoff: Oh, I took some,
Gavin: Oh, wow!
Geoff: I took damage off Jack!
Gavin: Splash damage.
What did you say, uh,
Ray?
Ray: Do you see, like
what's above us?
Gavin: Nah, I'm in the room with you.
Ray: Oh, okay.
[Michael groans]
Gavin: Oh, Michael!
[Geoff groans]
Geoff: Michael took it hard.
Gavin: Hard in the mouth.
Michael: I took it hard.
Geoff: Alright, I'm gonna go right here.
Geoff: Agh!
Geoff: Damn.
Michael: Who's got the most health right now?
Geoff: I'm at two and a half hearts.
Ray: You're at two and a half hearts left?
Geoff: Yeah.
Ray: I only–
I only took two and a half hearts of damage.
Goeff: Fuck off.
Michael: Wow, Ray. How many, how many dirt blocks did you get?
Ray: Nine.
Jack: I've got one and a half hearts.
Jack: I'm dead, I'm dead.
Ray: So the sand is just, uh...
Jack: Here we go.
Jack: Agh, I'm dead.
Ray: Christ.
[everyone groans]
Geoff: That's it for Jack...
Ray: "Suffocated in a wall."
Michael: His guts, his guts are out.
Geoff: Jack "suffocated in a wall."
Ray: So, uh.
Michael: Ray, you are next.
Ray: So if you get hit by sand, it's just insta-out.
Geoff: You're just out. Michael: Yeah.
Ray: Okay, cool.
Geoff: [to Jack] Get the fuck out. We'll kill you with shovels. Gavin: Jack's going to build a house.
Michael: Where the fuck is Ray?
I'm trying to follow him!
Ray: Oh, sorry, I'm just...
Ray: This block looks good.
Oh, yeah, very good.
Michael: Fucking dirt!
You son of a bitch!
Ray: Well, look at the bright side: I'm gonna get sand, so.
Michael: Agh!
[everyone groans really loudly again]
Geoff: Michael got sand!
Michael: Damn it!
Geoff: You're out, buddy.
Michael: Noo-[trails off into coughs]
Geoff: Alright, so that's the end of Michael. So it's me and Ray.
Ray: Alright, Geoff. It's the creator and the...
...co-creator. [Geoff laughs]
Ray: Clutch it, Geoff.
Geoff: ...Dirt.
[everyone 'oohh's quietly]
Ray: Pressure is on.
Michael: Ray gets sand.
Gavin: Anuses...
...an-i?
Ray: Uhh...
...dirt.
Michael: Dirt.
Geoff: Oof.
Ray: Geoff.
Geoff: Jesus...
Ray: The pressure is on.
Michael: Geoff's territory.
Geoff: Oh, dirt!
Michael: Oh, my god!
Geoff: Okay, I'mma try this guy right here...
Ugh! That's it!
Ray: RAY IS THE WINNER!
Gavin: Oh my god!
Jack: Yaayy!
Geoff: If this would have been the Tower of Pimps, you would have fukin' won it again.
Michael: Well, good thing you didn't win it again.
Geoff: So nobody saw the Tower. It was in there.
Michael: Piece of shit.
Michael: Dude, it–it's all gonna come down.
Ray: Hup, found it!
Michael: There it is.
Jack: You win if you can kill Gavin.
Michael: Well, that's eight gold blocks.
Is that a Tower of Pimps?
Geoff: Yeah, it's a
full Tower in there.
Ray: There you go.
Gavin: Congratulations, Ray.
Ray: Woo!
Geoff: Congratulations, Ray, you won Things to Do.